Were you successful? Here's my solution.
As you can see, my app.vue file got a lot leaner and I got four new files, footers, header, serverdetails
and servers.vue.
I'm importing all these files here in my app.vue file and then all I'm doing here is I'm exporting a default object
where I set up my components,
so I'm registering it locally,
again it would have been perfectly fine if you were to use vue component and register them globally
but I just choose the local registration as I'm only using them in the app.vue file here anyways.
I set up my selectors here as keys in this property or in this object
and then I assign the imported objects as values.
This is my set up her,, now in my components here,
I basically only exported these rows and columns and then the content from the well main file we used
before, I did this for header and footer.
Now for the servers, I only imported the column because I wanted to keep the row here in my app.vue file,
since I group servers and server detail together in one row,
so I wanted to keep the row in this main component, in this main file here.
Therefore servers and server details only have the column in their template
and regarding the servers, it would have theoretically made sense to also make the individual server
its own component,
so the list item here to have a separate component for that
but we would have a problem with passing the current index down to this individual component.
We could loop through all the servers, we did that before but then it's kind of hard to adjust the number
of the server in this server itself.
So we will learn how to pass data from a parent to a child component in the next module,
until then, I'll stick to this solution and this really is it. Now in the next videos, I want to go into
some possible improvements regarding the file structure and how you pick the right names for your selectors
as we do here.